Nor do any kind of web development.
We for sure will need two things.
A text editor to create our project and a web browser to test our results.
While there are many options out there for this course we'll use Google Chrome as our web browser and
Visual Studio code has our text there.
While I can go on and on about why you should pick these two specific tools in a short one sentence
answer both of them are industry leaders and first wants to implement new features and by doing so improve
our workflow and overall development experience both of them are for free and require simple download.
While this is not a requirement meaning you can use other browser and text are to your liking.
If you want the same exact results during the course as me I would suggest downloading these two tools.